{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is for aimed for the Lecturer/Teacher who wish to get the app ready and for use with the NFC tag.\
\
The following requirement\'92s must be met in order for the application to work:\
1. Embedded NFC chip  on your device.\
	1.1.a. Android users can open their notification bar and if they see the\
		 NFC logo then please turn it on. If they cannot see the logo then \
		 please open your network settings and search for NFC settings. If \
		 this cannot be found then your phone is not compatible for the app.\
	1.1.b. iPhone 7 and above have recently allowed NFC settings for their devices.\
		 So please search your NFC settings and turn it on, it may be that your \
		 device already has NFC turned on. Proceed to install the app.\
\
2. A physical NFC tag, you can either purchase one online or have one already. \
	2.1. Ensure the NFC tag is NTAG213 - When purchasing one. \
	2.2. Ensure the NFC tag is Mifare blah blah (corrections here) development\
		has not been made for other NFC tag types. So it may not work as \
		required.\
\
3. OS incompatibility - if this is the case then your only option is to wait for future\
Updates because the app has not been tested for other operating system and older\
Android OS and IOS. \
\
Once the requirements are met, to proceed using the app with your NFC tag:\
4.. Begin by downloading app-debug.apk.zip on your smartphone device\
4.a. Unzip the file and install the application file.\
\
\
Once the app is successfully installed: please follow -\
5. Lecturer/teacher details:\
5.a. Username: admin\
5.b. Password: password\
5.2. When logged in please change username and password as you wish\
For security purposes, you want your username and password to be unique\
To you.\
5.2.a. Make sure NFC is turned on and you have followed the app\'92s instructions\
Carefully, if met correctly then you can now tap your smartphone to the NFC tag\
And it will enable attendance registering for the day.\
5.3. The NFC tag is now ready for students registering attendance. \
5.4. If students have created accounts and have requirements met then \
Allow students to register for attendance by tapping to NFC tag.\
\
5.1. For your students instructions:\
5.1.1. Click register button for creation of new accounts.\
5.1.1.a. Students/individuals must follow the app-registration promptly\
Otherwise their account cannot be created. Details in the app.\
5.1.2. Using the username and password you registered - sign in\
5.1.3. Once logged in, the app will immediately alert you if your NFC is not enabled\
Follow the its procedure if so. Otherwise, you are ready to tap smartphone to NFC tag.\
5.1.4. The app will alert you if you have been registered for attendance successfully.\
Otherwise, student has to wait for Lecturer/teacher to enable the NFC attendance system.\
\
\
}